Requirements Document 


1 Introduction
Project Name: Unit Converter (Unicon1.0).
This application will make transfers from one unit to another. Units will include: Area, Digital Storage, Length, Temperature, Volume, Weight.


2 User Requirements
2.1 Software Interfaces
This application does not require interaction with some extra serves, or databases.


2.2 User Interfaces
The user interface will be presented in the form of main window, where we will select the top of the
category relevant to translation units (Area, Digital Storage, Length, Temperature, Volume, Weight). Clicking a category we needed, we will see at the bottom of the window is a list of available values ​​for translation in this category.
For example: selecting the temperature we see at the bottom line to: Celsius, Fahrenheit, Kelvin. If we want to make a transfer, we will introduce one of the fields (in fact from which I want to become to translate) the value of digital! Optional add on demand !!! If we introduce the letter, then we pop up a warning errors that input is possible only digits! Comment! The user is allowed to perform only one operation at a time, and then clear the results, run another Operation of. If we introduce a time 2 digital values ​​in the two fields, the application will be taken as a basic value of that which is to be ahead of others (above). I mean, the conversion from the top down by priority.
Downstairs there is also the "transfer" and "clean".


2.3 User Characteristics
This application is suitable for all user groups. But it will be the most in demand among students and
specialists in diversified industry work (engineers, biologists, chemists).


2.4 Assumptions and Dependencies
The program has no requirements that could not implement any modern computer.


3 System Requirements
3.1 Functional requirements
1) This application will offer different categories of measured values for the conversion.
2) Select a category will be the choice of measurement values (of) and type the numeric value.
3) The user should be able to choose any of the categories, and choose a subcategory, enter the numerical value of the function to clear the screen (current output).


3.2 The non-functional requirements
3.2.1 Software quality SIGNS
The application converts the number of one type to the other variables:
1) Reliability:
This application should not cause any errors in the conversion, as well as the wrong type.
// Warning when entering letters Added!
2) Accuracy:
If there should be no transfer of any error, the result must be accurate.
